feat(HTTP): Refresh request method pages (#35745)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/methods/trace/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The **`TRACE`** HTTP method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource, providing a debugging mechanism.

Reviewer: For some reason I don't like "providing a debugging mechanism".
```suggestion
The **`TRACE`** HTTP method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.
The response can be used to debug the connection.
```

Author: Agree we can get rid of it

> The **HTTP `TRACE` request method** performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource, providing a debugging mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`TRACE`** HTTP method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource, providing a debugging mechanism.
```

Reviewer: And perhaps split that first sentence

```suggestion
The **`TRACE`** HTTP method performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.
The response can be used to debug the connection.
```

TRACE /index.html
```

## Examples

> ### Method not allowed error response

Reviewer: Just one example of success please - request and response.
